com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/tasks/onboarding.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.tasks.onboarding
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/UI/digitalLoanURL.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.UI.digitalLoanURL
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/utils/customrunner/customRunner.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.utils.customrunner.customRunner
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/tasks/congratulations.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.tasks.congratulations
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/questions/channelsQuestion.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.questions.channelsQuestion
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/questions/congratulationsQuestion.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.questions.congratulationsQuestion
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/questions/summaryQuestion.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.questions.summaryQuestion
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/UI/congratulationsUI.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.UI.congratulationsUI
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/interactions/ResponsiveDesignTesting.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.interactions.ResponsiveDesignTesting
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/questions/landingQuestion.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.questions.landingQuestion
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/questions/loginModalQuestion.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.questions.loginModalQuestion
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/questions/noChannelsQuestion.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.questions.noChannelsQuestion
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/questions/buttonDisableQuestion.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.questions.buttonDisableQuestion
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/tasks/otp.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.tasks.otp
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/tasks/summary.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.tasks.summary
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/tasks/accounts.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.tasks.accounts
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/UI/offerUI.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.UI.offerUI
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/questions/accountQuestion.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.questions.accountQuestion
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/questions/messagesQuestion.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.questions.messagesQuestion
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/UI/identityValidationUI.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.UI.identityValidationUI
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/UI/promissoryNoteUI.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.UI.promissoryNoteUI
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/UI/otpUI.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.UI.otpUI
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/utils/hasletters/hasLetters.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.utils.hasletters.hasLetters
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/questions/lifeInsuranceQuestion.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.questions.lifeInsuranceQuestion
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/UI/summaryUI.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.UI.summaryUI
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/tasks/channels.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.tasks.channels
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/tasks/lifeInsurance.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.tasks.lifeInsurance
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/utils/exceldata/readExcelFile.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.utils.exceldata.readExcelFile
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/questions/offerQuestion.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.questions.offerQuestion
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/questions/modalQualifyQuestion.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.questions.modalQualifyQuestion
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/tasks/promissoryNote.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.tasks.promissoryNote
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/utils/exceldata/dataToFeature.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.utils.exceldata.dataToFeature
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/questions/loaderQuestion.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.questions.loaderQuestion
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/tasks/toAccess.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.tasks.toAccess
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/questions/promissoryNoteQuestion.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.questions.promissoryNoteQuestion
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/UI/lifeInsuranceUI.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.UI.lifeInsuranceUI
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/questions/otpQuestion.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.questions.otpQuestion
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/UI/loginUI.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.UI.loginUI
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/UI/landingUI.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.UI.landingUI
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/UI/accountsUI.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.UI.accountsUI
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/tasks/login.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.tasks.login
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/models/dataList.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.models.dataList
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/questions/loginQuestion.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.questions.loginQuestion
com/bcs/certification/digitalloan/tasks/offer.java
 com.bcs.certification.digitalloan.tasks.offer
